the popkomm is a stuff you guys today
again uphill to the redundancy scheme
channel and yes me because I have one
Eternity is no longer here but I am
back and that's because I now the whole
weekend in cologne with the ana and after
made the social pulse-arena concerning
maybe you have the announcement
seen on facebook if i am
unfortunately a pity
and yes for the one in any case one
Fat is thank you are really
quite a few have come and will
you have to really have fun
say
and yes that's it but actually to the
topic i just wanted you to be very short
real life story raushauen what me there
It just happens to be awesome
but first comes to the gameplay
is running around for a triple murder of
Of course team black has played with the
skn or video does not really mean sick
was of really sick mp3 gameplay
must be such a time again
little fun because I can
He did not see him hurt anymore because of that
I thought so today
just a mp3 gameplay for you
On the way you also one of course
hottest cmd maps this at all until
now there and yes as I said a small
purple story today again at the start for
you and that has the whole in the hotel
played on which I descended
Let's say that today , yes, yes, yes
Model always someone like this the hotel
I do not know how to handle him
calls and the type of election shall we say
a foreigner yes I know it is unfortunately
an alien step is you want
just so agile to say that
what foreigners and type of us
just such aa she has me without joke
so fucked I want to stay a gear wanted
Check in and had me so rigid
my cap so often and various backwards
all at once said so am I terrorist
like this
So yes you have the caps so backwards
will the riot you are a tourist
city ​​willich spoil the me
fooled or what and then I came
really quiet and too water
when said so yes do the chain
rather forward otherwise I think
even today , you are rioting and so on
i thought the guy needed i was short
before that I like to have a look at Anna
me of course, but the restrained
Just a monkey
I do not know what he wanted from me
and always prepare all the time
pointed remark has made me the
whole to crazy so what always so
in such a way its so provocative
You certainly know that kind of art you know
that's exactly what I mean if somebody like you
wants to provoke
the whole thing has tried me so
provoke it so I freak out but me
I'm actually chilling
then I even stayed idiot
mine knows the other way around
for a little moment with that one though
thought hey summer the chip has me
actually prescribe nothing
handicap itu the other way around
says he is anyway now
opened the other way yes I can
just do my käppi as I want or
I have one last one so he said so
No, you better go back 65
this pictures old who fool me
He would have me as a terrorist
shown as what is true not matter
who have gone the way as
Hotel rooms were aisle all day
not in the hotel anymore and next
I'm not thinking about breakfast tomorrow
bad jesu for breakfast on when
the guy gets stuck me I turn
What does he show me the Hitler salute
I thought oh no that certainly has
and I do not have it that way
right tactic moment but that 's me
first noticed he think the direct
worst hitler greeting thus showed the
right arm had really hard
lifted to me ne and forth no idea
what happened to the guy showed me
just like the Hitler greeting and I know
not if the guy took anything
or something but he was just over
sick and no idea I do not know
not what else to say about the types
should
the guy is just sick the hotel
actually were not that way
bad to say you had everything
is what it needed tv and j
There is nothing like that, so to speak
Gameplay goal is over
I would stress it would be a burden
for the crazy hotel boss today until
next shot at you